has anybody ever wondered how some
people play minecraft like with your
keyboard and mouse while I play it with
an Xbox 360 controller through X pattern
and this is a wireless controller I play
it through the transmitter that I got at
RC willies and it does work I'll give
you a demonstration and no player my
level
okay
as you can see I'm going to walk around
with the stick
and the buttons do work a jumps I put
left trigger as mine or destroy right
trigger places and like eats food and
stuff back button brings up that menu
start button brings up the inventory X
is also destroyed or now X is place and
B is destroy and Y is fog this also
controls movement a left bumper goes
back on the hot bar and right bumper
goes forward on the hot bar that's how I
play Minecraft oh and for my inventory
like when I make I have my mouse
close by about my candlestick phone and
it works for either well I've built a
lot of with this I've been working
on the same level for a while I have the
castle built already so yeah I'm
starting on the wood city I'll talk to
you later
my user name is Hydralisk 1792